const foo = {
    "Cover Your Body in Goop": "after completing a matcha door, have the option to give target party member +21 health and -2 attack for the rest of the dungeon ",
    "Makeshift Bone-sword": "After completing a skeleton door, give target party member +1 attack for the next 2 rooms.  ",
    "Miniature Orc Doll": "random drop that occurs 20% of the time after defeating an orc.  A character can rub the orc doll to receive a 20 health shield during their turn.  That character deals -2 damage this turn.  One use item.  ",
    "Play The Bones of The Fallen Like a Xylophone": "after completing a skeleton door, your party can play the bones of the skeletons you have defeated like a xylophone.  This is a lot of fun for your whole party and heals all party members for 10 health.  However, it makes all of the skeleton friends of the skeletons you just defeated very very angry.  Take +1 more damage from attacks made by skeletons for the rest of the dungeon (only applies to the first hit from a DOT attack, only does a single extra point of damage from splash and slash damage, not 3/2).  ",
    "Mysterious Cave Fungi": "You encounter some mysterious cave fungi growing on a rock in the corner of the dungeon.  The fungi smells a lot like cheddar cheese and seems to be daring you to eat it.  If a character eats the fungi, they take 30% more damage and deal 30% more damage while in aggressive stance for the rest of the dungeon.  ",
    "Unlabeled Pills": "You find a bunch of loose pills on the ground.  There is no way to tell what they are or what they will do.  Do you eat them? Randomly give the target party member who eats the pills -3 to +3 attack and -14 to +14 health for the next 3 dungeon rooms.  This cannot kill a party member.  If it would, reduce their health to 1 instead.  If it would reduce their attack to 0, reduce it to 1 instead.  ",
    "xdqwdr": "All  SL attacks now hit 3 opponents",
    "ajhfwu": "All DOTs last 1 extra turn (ie. DOT3→DOT4, etc)",
    "etcdqg": "Every 5 attacks your team makes, do X damage to all opponents",
    "szwzwu": "Every 5 times you're damaged, do X damage to all opponents",
    "fsmrvm": "The next one of your characters that dies will be revived at half health",
    "mkmnmq": "The next 1 hit that normally would slay one of your characters will not reduce them below 1 health. Blessing is no longer active after triggered.",
}
